I've been receiving some emails and
messages about a new statistic that has
been reported about gym success or the
lack of really any success in the gym.
Uh this fits right in with my book
weightlifting is a waste of time. Uh
turns out 90% of people who decide they
want to be engaged in fitness quit
within 90 days.
So 90% that's almost everybody quits
within 3 months. So do you think they're
quitting because they got great results
and they're muscular enough? So it's
like, okay, you know, I'm I'm jacked. I
can just walk away. Do you think that's
why? Because almost everybody who's
selling something fitness related wants
you to believe that if you follow their
program, you're going to be successful.
Now, if their program involves standard
weights, I got news for you. you got a
90% chance of failing just like
everybody else. I maintain my thesis.
Weightlifting is a waste of time. It
does not do a very good job of
stimulating most people in the ranges of
motion where they need to be activating
more muscle uh versus less. And uh
variable resistance is a vastly superior
approach especially for those who have
tried lifting weights and got absolutely
nothing out of it. I was one of those. I
lifted weights for years, did nothing.
uh and I think most people who have had
that experience, they will take the
genetic
differences that they have and because
variable resistance is a strategy to get
more force on the body where you are
strongest, it enables you to truly go to
fatigue. Whereas most people when they
lift, they don't really go to muscular
fatigue. They just stop because their
joints hurt. No one's ever going to
stimulate muscle with that. So, it just
bypasses a lot of genetic deficiencies
that almost everybody has.